# Admin Panel

The OmiseGO Wallet admin panel for a provider to manage staff, users, roles and permissions, API access, minted tokens, transactions, etc.

## Installation

OSX:

```shell
brew install yarn
```

Linux:

```shell
apt-get install yarn
```

## Usage

### Development

You will first need to update the `config.js` file located under `omisego/` with your
own keys.
`OMISEGO_BASE_URL` is your eWallet server url.
`OMISEGO_API_KEY_ID` and `OMISEGO_API_KEY` are the access keys corresponding to your admin api.

If you are running the eWallet server in local, you will need to allow your domain in CORS headers.
By default the react app runs on `http://localhost:8080` so you need to start the eWallet server specifying the CORS ORIGIN using:

```shell
CORS_ORIGINS=http://localhost:8080 mix phx.server
```

Then install the dependencies using:

```shell
yarn install
```

Then start the development react server using the command below.

```shell
yarn start:dev
```

Then navigate your browser to http://localhost:8080.

### Production

Build the files using the command below.

```shell
yarn build
```

### Tests

Run tests using the command below.

```shell
yarn test
```

or if you want to run tests on every file change:

```shell
yarn test:watch
```

## Development

### Front End Build Pipeline

The build pipeline can be broken down into 2 major steps: 1) **[Yarn](https://yarnpkg.com)** installs the project's dependencies, 2) **[Webpack](https://webpack.js.org)** then orchestrates other packages and plugins to do the build for it. It then bundles up the built files together, and ready them to be served to the client.

To add a new step to the build pipeline, the easiest to do is to find a webpack loader/plugin that does the job, then add it to the current webpack pipeline (in `config/webpack.js`).

***Note:** The purpose of this section is to illustrate the major steps that source files go through until being served to the client, not to detail each and every build steps performed. There may be other tools used in between the pipeline steps that are not mentioned here.*

1. **Yarn**: Install dependencies and manage yarn command aliases
2. **Webpack**: Bundle assets together into small packages to optimize load time.
    1. **babel-loader**: Use Babel to compile modern JavaScript down for compatibility with older browsers
    2. **uglifyjs-webpack-plugin**: Minify JavaScript files for efficiency
    3. **html-webpack-plugin**: Generate the html that serves the built files
    4. **webpack-dev-server**: Serve the files to the browser. Its trick is it monitors source file changes, rebuilds them, then automatically refreshes the browser with the built files.

### Directory Structure

```text
admin-panel
  ├─ config/          The folder for storing app and library configs
  ├─ dist/            [Autogenerated. Do not edit.] Compiled assets and scripts
  ├─ node_modules/    [Autogenerated. Do not edit.] Node dependencies
  ├─ public/          Asset files that do not need to be processed. Your images, icons, fonts, videos and other static files should go here.
  ├─ src/             Source files that need to be processed. Your JS, JSX, EJS files should go here.
  ├─ stories/         Source files for the stories.
  ├─ tests/           Test files.
  ├─ .gitignore       The list of files and folders that git should ignore
  ├─ package.json     The manifest that contains project's metadata, dependencies, etc.
  ├─ README.md        The document you are currently reading explaining how to get started
  ├─ yarn.lock        [Autogenerated. Do not edit.] Yarn lockfile
  └─ .babelrc         The babelrc config file
```

Jumping onto the project? Get started by reading `package.json`, `config/webpack.js`, then jump onto `src/index.js`, the JS entrypoint of the project.
