docs/design/components.md, before:

# Components

The eWallet is an umbrella Elixir application containing the following sub-applications:

  - [ewallet_api](/apps/ewallet_api): Sub-application acting as a gateway to the World Wide Web through HTTP-RPC endpoints. These endpoints are used to __interact with the eWallet__. Check the [Swagger spec](/apps/ewallet_api/swagger-doc.yaml) for more details.

  - [admin_api](/apps/admin_api): Sub-application acting as a gateway to the World Wide Web through HTTP-RPC endpoints. These endpoints are used to __manage__ the system. Check the [Swagger spec](/apps/admin_api/swagger-doc.yaml) for more details.

  - [admin_panel](/apps/admin_panel): Sub-application containing the front-end that allows provider admins, such as staff at the headquarter, to perform system-wide actions such as managing tokens, accounts, API keys, users, and wallets.

  - [ewallet](/apps/ewallet): Sub-application containing the business logic (minting process, transfer of value, etc.).

  - [ewallet_db](/apps/ewallet_db): Sub-application containing all the database schemas and migrations.

  - [local_ledger](/apps/local_ledger): Sub-application containing the business logic.

  - [local_ledger_db](/apps/local_ledger_db): Sub-application containing all the database schemas and migrations.

  - [url_dispatcher](/apps/url_dispatcher): Sub-application dealing with dispatching each HTTP request to the appropriate sub-application.

## Sub-applications planned

- `request_logger`: A logging system allowing developers to debug an eWallet.
- `blockchain_gateway`: An interface to the blockchain.

Commit message:

Add Settings system (#493)
* Create Setting table/Schema

* Add Setting overlay module

* Add Setting.all()

* Add initial seeder for settings

* Add position

* Finalize setting seeds

* Skip input requirements when assume_yes is true

* Add descriptions

* Refactor Standalone and max_per_page settings

* Refactor code to handle base_url and standalone settings properly

* Create EWalletConfig sub app

* Reorganize EWalletConfig and EWalletDB

* Use EWalletConfig in all other sub apps

* Refactor EWalletConfig to use a GenServer for setting registration

* Update EWalletDB to use EWalletConfig GenServer

* Fix most of the tests in wallet

* Extract Settings loading out of Config

* Update EWalletAPI To use EWalletConfig

* Fix failing eWallet tests

* Finally figured out how to fix all the tests with the Config GenServer…

* Reorganize utils tests

* Add tests for Setting module

* Add config_test

* Add type specs in Config

* Add multi node test

* Add SettingLoader tests

* Remove unused alias

* Cleanup

* Remove multi node test for now

* Fix seeds

* Add setting validation and remove select type

* Fix setting ordering

* Fix minor issues

* Fix Credo issue in insert_all_defaults

* Fix dependencies out of place for emails

* Move back validator functions not needed in EWalletConfig

* Remove unique index on positions

* Update LocalLedger to use EWalletConfig

* Fix race condition

* Move back Validator in ewallet_db

* Update components.md

* Remove unneeded default value for base_url in seed report

docs/design/components.md, after:

# Components

The eWallet is an umbrella Elixir application containing the following sub-applications:

  - [ewallet_api](/apps/ewallet_api): Sub-application acting as a gateway to the World Wide Web through HTTP-RPC endpoints. These endpoints are used to __interact with the eWallet__. Check the [Swagger spec](/apps/ewallet_api/swagger-doc.yaml) for more details.

  - [admin_api](/apps/admin_api): Sub-application acting as a gateway to the World Wide Web through HTTP-RPC endpoints. These endpoints are used to __manage__ the system. Check the [Swagger spec](/apps/admin_api/swagger-doc.yaml) for more details.

  - [admin_panel](/apps/admin_panel): Sub-application containing the front-end that allows provider admins, such as staff at the headquarter, to perform system-wide actions such as managing tokens, accounts, API keys, users, and wallets.

  - [ewallet](/apps/ewallet): Sub-application containing the business logic (minting process, transfer of value, etc.).

  - [ewallet_db](/apps/ewallet_db): Sub-application containing all the database schemas and migrations.

  - [local_ledger](/apps/local_ledger): Sub-application containing the business logic.

  - [local_ledger_db](/apps/local_ledger_db): Sub-application containing all the database schemas and migrations.

- [ewallet_config](/apps/ewallet_config): Sub-application used to handle the settings and application environments.

  - [url_dispatcher](/apps/url_dispatcher): Sub-application dealing with dispatching each HTTP request to the appropriate sub-application.

## Sub-applications planned

- `request_logger`: A logging system allowing developers to debug an eWallet.
- `blockchain_gateway`: An interface to the blockchain.
