
# Understanding the server-side applications

In order to integrate the OmiseGO SDK in the best possible way, it can be useful to know how it works. In this section, we'll explore the different entities that make up the OmiseGO server-side applications, then go through the applications themselves and how they interact together. We'll also go over the dependencies needed to run those applications before talking about the deployment steps.

## Entities

- __Minted Tokens__: A currency (loyalty points, cryptocurrency, tokenized fiat). Identified by a symbol (OMG, BTC, USDT). By default, a token is not backed by the blockchain, which means a provider can only make internal transfers: between the provider's balances and the users balances (back and forth) or between accounts. If a provider wishes to have one of its token backed, the address of the smart contract on the blockchain needs to be defined in the token details to uniquely identify it.

- __Mints__: A record of each occurrence when more tokens were put into circulation.

- __Accounts__: A grouping of users and balances. It can be used by a provider admin to define logical groupings according to its business needs, e.g. an account for each product branding, each store branch, each sales team or each operating region, etc.

- __Users__: A user can either be a regular user or a staff user (a.k.a admin) In the first case, it would be someone using the end-user applications created by providers (mobile applications for example), who was added to the eWallet database by the provider. In the second case, it's a user able to access the OmiseGO admin panel.

- __Balances__: A balance identified by an address which is used to group transactions and holds a value. A user can have more than one balance if needed, and a balance can contain different currencies. You can learn more about balances [there](/docs/balances.md).

- __Transactions__: A transaction is an exchange of value between two balances. Transactions are stored in the local ledger using a DEB approach. DEB (Double Entry Bookkeeping) is a system where an entry is created and DEBIT/CREDIT transactions are linked to it. The sum of all debits minus the sum of all credits for a specific entry has to be equal to 0. Summing up all credit transactions minus all debit transactions for a specific balance address and token symbol gives the balance of that address.

- __Access Key__: An identifying pair of keys (access/secret) used by a provider's server application to communicate with eWallet. A combination is used here instead of a single key to prevent timing- based attacks.

- __Secret Key__: A secret key acting as a password and sent from a provider's backend application to authenticate requests.

- __API Key__: A perishable key sent from a mobile applications to make authenticated non-sensitive API calls to eWallet.

- __Access Token__: A temporary token generated by the eWallet API and returned through a provider's backend application to the client. It can then be used with an API key to make non-sensitive calls to eWallet.

## Components

Below is the list of components from the OmiseGO SDK that need to be run on one (or more) server(s):

- [eWallet](#ewallet)
- [Admin Panel](#admin-panel)
- [Request Logger](#request-logger)
- [Blockchain Gateway](#blockchain-gateway)

### eWallet

The eWallet is the centerpiece of the OmiseGO SDK. Through the web APIs it offers, the eWallet can be used to create users and balances, and exchange values between them. The eWallet also contains entities that can be used to configure, organize and manage the eWallet (accounts, minted tokens, etc.). The web APIs offered by the eWallet follow an HTTP-RPC approach. They do not follow the REST recommendations to stay as protocol-agnostic as possible.

The eWallet contains the Local Ledger which is an internal ledger used by the eWallet application to record transactions. No integration is needed from the provider for this tool, but it can be useful to know that the transactions are stored in a different database.

**Note that the exchange of value (the transactions) is delegated to the local ledger.**

On a more technical note, the eWallet is an umbrella Elixir application containing the following sub-applications:

  - [ewallet](/apps/ewallet): Sub-application containing the business logic (minting process, transfer of value, etc.).

  - [ewallet_api](/apps/ewallet_api): Sub-application acting as a gateway to the World Wide Web through HTTP-RPC endpoints. These endpoints are used to __interact with the eWallet__. Check the [Swagger spec](/apps/ewallet_api/swagger-doc.yaml) for more details.

  - [admin_api](/apps/admin_api): Sub-application acting as a gateway to the World Wide Web through HTTP-RPC endpoints. These endpoints are used to __manage__ the system. Check the [Swagger spec](/apps/admin_api/swagger-doc.yaml) for more details.

  - [ewallet_db](/apps/ewallet_db): Sub-application containing all the database schemas and migrations.

  - [local_ledger](/apps/local_ledger): Sub-application containing the business logic.

  - [local_ledger_db](/apps/local_ledger_db): Sub-application containing all the database schemas and migrations.

### Admin Panel

Admin Panel allows provider’s admin, i.e. staff at the headquarter, to perform system-wide actions such as managing tokens, accounts, API keys, users, and balances.

### Request Logger

**Final name still to be defined - Coming Soon.**

The Request Logger will offer details about each request made to the system, its current state and any error that occurred. It will be a powerful debugging tool for developers. Those logs will be available through the eWallet Admin API and shown in the admin panel.

### Blockchain Gateway

**Final name still to be defined - Coming Soon.**

The Blockchain Gateway will be the interface to the blockchain OmiseGO is building. It will push transactions to the blockchain as well as listen to events happening there before forwarding them to the eWallet to keep it in sync.
